[Applause]
yeah great to see you bald last time you
were here last time I was bald now I'm
not yeah no yeah that was just after
we'd finished filming Rocket Man and for
the role we sort of dyed my hair orange
thinned it out shaved my hairline up but
it grew back
it did grow back were you ever worried
that it might not grow back every 7 yeah
yeah yeah I think about that sometimes
if I shaved my head maybe you wouldn't
come back and I would be in yeah yeah
the anxiety was massive well I thought
you were just terrific in the movie it
is a lot of fun I was wondering if after
President Trump called Kim Jong hoon
Rocketman yeah did anybody say hey maybe
we need to think rethink the title of
this Mo's anyone Gary no well it crossed
my mind it did yeah yeah the only other
thing I thought it could have been was
I'm still standing that would have been
quite cute yeah we're tiny dancer or
something like that yeah yeah yeah so
you were running over alternate titles
but nobody else was yeah did you know
there was another movie called Rocket
Man I discovered this today I was
looking something up and yes this is
real movie from 1997 starring Harlan
Williams what's hilarious is that's
exactly how I look in rocket in this one
I'm not sure I did not see this film but
it would seem that he died in space so
yeah not quite the fun of the movie that
you made but there you go how about that
listen you saw the premiere with Elton
John I did yeah what was that like we
had this incredible experience we
premiered the movie it can and I've
never been to can and from what I'm led
to believe none of us have know yes
apparently I've been led to believe that
they can be a little a little cold if
they're not if they don't approve and
I've even heard rumors that they can
boot yeah they do boo they boo sometimes
yes so I was understand to be quite
nervous going in and I'd found out that
I wasn't sat next to Alton which
initially I was furious oh yeah
and then the lovely people from the
marketing department at Paramount said
well he's gonna sit but soon his friend
of fifty years in his husband but you're
him you're even closer to him
so I'm sat here Bernie Taupin Elton John
David Furnish
and Dexter Fletcher the director here
and we sort of watched the whole movie
at this kind of angle you know to try to
try and ascertain if he approved or not
had he not seen anything but so he'd
seen so he'd seen bits Russia's dailies
and the trailer at this several million
times not the whole movie but not the
whole movie was the first time I'd seen
it seen it with all the finished all the
finished VFX and everything and to see
them you know watch the scene in which
they meet in 1968 or whatever and be
grabbing each other on the name Bernice
are smiling Bernie and Alton and then at
the end of the movie Alton about 15
minutes for the end just absolutely
broke down and he was blubbering and
then and then this amazing thing
happened so the lights come up and I'm
very moved because Alton is moved yeah
Alton because he's an old pro has
managed to get himself looking
immaculate again whereas I I'm just
melting you know with all these cameras
on me but it was amazing and we you know
I was visualizing scenarios in which
we'd get booed and we received a four
minute standing ovation yeah that's
pretty good yeah
and the reviews have been great 2d you
look at that sort of thing so I try and
avoid reviews but Alan sends me them
every day he does every day I mean he's
sort of vetting my reviews I'm sure that
he mails them to you he emails them yes
it's the same title every time and
another one I would love to know what
Elton John's email addresses I wonder if
there's is there a word from one of his
songs is it anything fun no it's okay
like I'm treading in danger yeah no you
have to be careful people wind up
getting into his bank account and then
you're in a lot of trouble yeah so the
movie is let's it's a musical and a la
nice and it's an autobiography yes or a
biography of
Elton and then of course because it is
the there are there's a lot of sex and
there's a lot of drugs yeah there's a
bit of that you know there's a bit of
that is that is that cool with like your
family is there anyone in your family
that's know so yeah actually my uncle
always an uncle it's always isn't it
always
yeah so he's an older Welsh gentleman
quite traditional in no way prejudiced
but quite traditional you know can I
swear yes absolutely we'd love it if you
would so he went to the cinema to sit in
Sleepy Aberystwyth my hometown the other
day it was very silent during mine and
Richard Madden's love scene part from my
uncle Owen Oh reported this to you they
did my aunt did one question that the
movie does not answer is what does it
what the hell does Benny in the Jets
mean do you have any idea I have
absolutely no idea and I've never asked
Bernie Taupin I quite like the sort of
prosaic nebulous quality of things we
take the songs in our movie and use them
to tell the story so Benny and the Jets
in our film is all about it's a real low
herb it's all about excess and darkness
and and sort of anger and frustration
[Music]
[Applause]
I remember that so long when mountains
sang at Dodger Stadium it was such a big
deal iconic thing right yeah it was like
I don't know that anyone had done
anything like that before and now and
but nice hit by the way okay yeah so me
hitting the baseball the first time you
know I said today to the director let's
just do it let's just do it the CG cuz
I'm gonna make a fool of myself I hit
that thing every time
really have you ever played baseball
before never played baseball before and
I tried to do it again afterwards and I
missed it every time yeah it's funny
because you're thinking oh the singing
is what I really have to nail and then
suddenly have someone gives you a pie
yeah how about the singing you did all
your own singing it did you did a great
job
Thanks that and but also what is the
hardest help John song to sing in of all
the hits I don't know I mean I've said
you know the start of the process you
said you're you're a you're a ballad
singer you can hold a tune it'll the the
rock stuff will be what tests you so Oh
Benny in the Jets Saturday Night's
Alright for fighting those things that
need that kind of gravel and I remember
to begin with I was dreadful at it and
then I one of the last things we
recorded about sort of four or five
months into the process was pinball
wizard and I eat and I emailed him a
rough mix after a few drinks mm-hmm just
to see what he thought and he said I he
just wrote back you've got it now and so
when you say you were dreadful did
others agree that you were dreadful or
was everyone telling you you were no but
you know what everyone's being nice and
you just know you can tell when they
Raveena's just how an Elton included was
he being supportive and mountains very
supportive he's not always nice but he's
very supportive
do you have you become like you think
you will have a lifelong friendship with
Elton John now sounds so weird to say
doesn't it you know look I love him and
and he you know he he wrote me a very
beautiful note on the bay the camp
premier and
he said we're cut from the same cloth
and I hope I'm here for many years to
come to be your touchstone
yeah well that's very yeah have you been
to his house I have you have yeah yeah
yeah yeah what's his house like yes it's
big yeah that's very being
I think so I told what I imagined it
yeah yes true the guest room that I
stayed in is known as it's like the cat
room and it's just full of autumn ental
cats Oh or in a mental okay some people
is really nice I like cats but to some
people it wouldn't be what you wanted
with it but it's very lovely
is there a Mel's fantastic at the
furnished joint don't buy cats it does
not smell like cats I think that's the
beauty of the ornamental ones as opposed
to the real one yes is there a huge
piano in the middle is a huge piano but
you can't play it because it's covered
in things like ornamental cat
what where he doesn't play piano at home
I think he spent so much time on the
road that when he's at home he wants to
he wants to be dad you know and do the
family man need a rest oh so now there's
not much piano playing going I think
you're in his well now do you think he's
like taking that much of a shinier that
he's putting you in there maybe give you
a few ornamental cats or something like
that oh my get doormat I would hope so
well great job in the movie thank so
much fun to watch is called
Rocket Man
everybody thanks for watching and
remember every time you click the
subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed